when would you use a remote directory rather than keeping all your file local?
remote directory help to share file with other fellows, so they can see and contribute to the file.


why you might always want to pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up to date with your remote repository?
doing or being mmanually help to update whatever need it and when the changes has been made and ready to pull. otherwise you might working on somthing and github update automatically the directory which generally effect and satisfy the local things.


Describe the difference  between forks, clones, and branches. when would you use one instead of another?
fork is based on github only when we need to copy a reposity to our repository to make our own copy of that bring changes and clone.
branches are different mostly use for to set an make some changes which doesnt effect the main project (master branch) example a new experimental version which not sure works or not. clone is to copy the repositoy from remote (github) to our local computer.


what is the benefits of having copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
somethime we don't have internet access for while and doesn't want to pull directly to our local master branch in this case, we can compare and checkout on that branch and see the differenc. or in some case if ther is a conflict before directly pulling we want to see git status and git diff and merge later.


how would you collaborate without using Git and Github? what would be easier nd what would be harder?
git which name as version control make is very easy to stor many versions of our project in different state. so can go back and forwards to see them. and github is the ultimate tool for collaboration to share the proejct with more people and work at the same time.


when would you want to make changes in seperate branch rather than directly in master? what benefits does each other have?
when we work in collaboration in github with someone and trying to make changes in but before update the main branch want our partner see and confirm the changes. the possible way to to do is make a saperate branch push the branch into github and then make a pull request so they can see it.


